Support for NPR music comes from Capital
One, proud supporters of NPR music and
the Tiny Desk contest. What's in your
wallet? Learn more at capitalone.com.
>> [music]
>> How you guys doing NPR?
We're a band from Atlanta called The
Paradox. My name is Eric.
>> I'm Zealan.
>> Donald.
>> Carson.
>> She hates
>> [music]
>> when I listen to Blink, when I skate on
the side of the street. She wants to
change up [music] everything
about me. Her car costs more than my
crib and her dad that dude is a dick and
I don't
want to
>> [music]
>> Let's go.
No matter [music] what I do, I'll never
be like you.
Happy or insecure,
>> [music]
>> which one would you prefer?
No matter what you say, I'm going to
live my [music] way. Going over second I
see
I hope you get the message.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I hope you get the message.
No matter what I do, I'll never be like
you. Happy [music] or insecure,
which one would you prefer?
No matter what you say, I'm going to
live my way. [music] Going over second I
see
I hope you get the message.
You don't know me.
>> [music]
>> You don't know me.
You're a loser, you You even got to show
me.
I'm a [__] I'm a [__]
I love [__] [music] big
depressions.
>> [music]
[music]
>> [__] yeah.
Thank you.
Now,
like they said, we made history.
And the Paradox is in the business of
bringing rock and roll back to the hands
[music] of the originator.
>> [music]
[singing]
[music]
>> Who's got the indo?
I need something for my mental.
She gave [singing and music] me her
info.
Now, she's switching up like Nintendo.
[singing]
Hey, when that [music] happens, well,
sometimes [__] happens. So, I'll keep
[singing] on pushing like skateboarding
past it.
I didn't [music and singing] plan it.
Now, I'm on a different planet. [music]
She said, "Come over." [singing]
I don't really [music] want to be sober.
We got to talking.
You know when people start talking,
>> [music]
>> nothing can turn into something,
[singing] and before you know it,
they're making a song.
>> [music]
>> Ain't just and watching,
to party, [singing] but I didn't study.
How did I end up going on a bender?
I hate attention, but I'm riding the
center of the room, and it's spinning so
I'm holding on to you, [music] cuz my
head's in a blender. YES, I'M GOING OUT.
I WAS ALL ALONE, got [music] to feed my
head,
and now I'm in the thick of it all, take
a shot and forget everything she said.
You're only young once, [music] so let
me go
away. Let the bottle carry me away.
Too broke [music] to
know what's going on.
How did I end up going on a bender?
>> [music]
>> I hate attention, but I'm riding the
center of the room,
>> [music]
>> and it's spinning so I'm holding on to
you,
cuz my head's in a blender. Yes, [music]
I'm going out
on a bender.
On a bender.
Yes, [music] I'm going out
on a bender.
On a bender.
Yes, I'm going [music]
out.
Microphone on a Honda. Oh god.
All of [music] my friends left, and I
just lost my phone. I call my cigarette
and start walking around. I
>> [music]
>> still have my drink in my plastic cup,
and I
take your street, [music]
see if you're still up.
How did I end up going on [singing] a
bender?
I hate attention, [music] but I'm right
in the center of the room.
And it's spinning so
>> [music]
>> I'm holding on to you
cuz my
adrenaline is rushing. [music]
Yes, I'm going out on a bender.
On a bender. [music]
On a bender.
Yes, I'm going out.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right. This is a new song.
It's called good for me.
>> [cheering]
>> And I hope you hate it.
3:00 a.m. Once again, shouldn't call you
up.
I should rip up the pictures you took of
us.
>> [music]
>> Every fight that we had at night, you'd
say you'd leave.
We're a car crash that never ends.
Please, get me out this hopeless
romance.
>> [music]
>> What the
hell was I thinking?
I want to run away.
But it's hard to leave.
>> [music]
>> Cuz my heart says
stay
while my head is saying [music] you're
no good for me.
It's killing me.
I've had
enough. I've [music] had enough.
I'll get it.
Sick and
tired of finding out that you're no good
for me.
Yeah, I hate [music] this part. Finding
out that you're no good for me. It was
February, [music]
had you in mind. You threw away my
Valentine. Said, "Give your heart to the
next girl that's [music] in line."
I've been feeling numb since you
goodbye. Might make [music] a new
mistake tonight. Telling me that now you
want to stay,
but when I wake [music] up in the
morning I'mma say, I don't know
what the
hell was I thinking. [music]
How you guys DOING SO FAR?
YEAH, I'm fine.
Woah, you're the only one that looks
like you actually work in an office,
dude.
I love it. Hi Deion.
>> What up?
>> How you been? Keep having [__] fun.
>> All right.
I want
but
it's hard to leave.
Cuz my heart says
stay,
but my head is saying you're no good for
me.
It's killing me and I let it.
I've had enough and I'm getting [music]
sick and tired of finding out that
you're no good for me.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, I hate this part. Finding out that
you're no good for
>> [music]
[music]
>> Finding out that you're no good for me.
>> [music]
>> Finding out that you're [music] no good
for me.
>> [music]
>> Finding out that you're no good for me.
I was nervous singing that one.
>> [cheering]
>> Yeah, did y'all like that song, Tiny
Desk?
>> [applause]
>> Heck yeah.
>> ALL RIGHTY, WE HAVE AN WE HAVE AN
UNRELEASED song to show y'all called I
kind of like that. Enjoy.
>> Yeah, take it off first.
>> My back is hurting.
>> Come on, muscle man.
>> I'm getting old.
Oh.
Ignore that.
>> [music]
>> It's gone a little [music] too far. Left
your key and your name in the side of my
car. Everyone saw you freak [music] out
in the middle of the party. All the
things you said to me [singing] were
make-believe. You made up in your
[music] head. I guess I'll take the
blame for everything. Getting a cab.
We've [music] done this 1 2 3 many
times. Can I still count on you tonight?
Got me [__] up and I can't even lie. I
kind of like that.
You make me feel like somebody else.
When I'm with you, I'm not myself. Made
up my mind and I can't even lie.
>> [music]
>> I kind of like that. I kind of like
that. I kind of like that.
See you right back. [music] See you
right back. I kind of like that. I kind
of like that. I kind of like that.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We've done this 1 2 3 many times. Can I
still count on you tonight? Got me
[__] up and I can't even lie. I kind
of like that.
>> I cheated. I started late.
I didn't want to [clears throat] be the
first to go out.
Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> All right.
All right, ready?
>> [music]
>> How's everybody doing?
This is a song that I wrote about a
teacher I had that was really hot, but
it's not weird. She really likes the
song.
Cuz when your blonde [music]
hair's tied up
I don't know what [music] to do.
We got to find a way to stop me from
falling for you.
>> [music]
>> Get the [__] [music] up!
>> I keep on failing. I can't pass a test.
And I stay up all night, don't get
sleep, [music] don't get rest. Cuz I'm
thinking about you. You know what I
mean. And my bed, she's [music] got a
stain. Got you stuck in my dreams. Oh,
well. Cuz when your blonde [music]
hair's tied up, I don't know what to do.
We got to find a way to stop me from
falling for you.
>> [music]
>> You're just my teacher. I shouldn't
persist. You bend over
[music and singing] to help me. I just
can't resist. Those thick thighs and
tight jeans, you dress to impress. When
I peek at [music] your chest, I thought
M.I.L.F.
Oh, yeah. Cuz when your blonde [music]
hair's tied up, I don't know what to do.
We got to find a way to stop me from
falling. Cuz I get lost. This will pass.
[music] Should I stay after class? Got
to find a way to stop me from falling
for you.
>> It's my [music] jam. It's my jam.
Falling for you.
>> It's my jam.
I guess I'm [music] falling for you.
Take my hand,
I guess I'm falling for you.
Yeah.
>> What?
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hell yeah.
>> [applause]
>> This is the sad part of our set.
Cuz it's the last song.
It's so true. I know. But we want to
thank everybody came out here. Shout out
to Lexi, our manager for
holding it down. And shout out to
Ben and Tom and the whole and Shawn and
Kelly and the whole 100 Days crew.
They're awesome. Big shout out to Slim
for like MD'ing this and making this
whole thing like possible.
>> [cheering]
>> As you can tell, we are not used to
playing quiet. So,
>> We can't forget Travis Barker.
>> Yeah, big shout out to Travis Barker for
playing on our record. He didn't have to
do that. He's a scrub or I'm a scrub.
We're scrubs. We're all scrubs together.
All right. And
yeah, so this one's our last song. This
one's called Do Me Like That. Formerly
called Subaru, but our label made us
change it. And
this one is written about a ex I had who
cheated on me and she tried to hit me
with her car.
It's not bad. We made a great song from
it, I promise.
I'm right where I want to be, okay?
>> That's all that matters.
>> Jump!
>> [music]
[music]
>> You know it from the start you would
deceive me. Now I'm left alone and lost
inside my head.
You're killing me again.
I should have known it when you said
[music] it was your first time. Got the
football team with all of you from
beyond.
From beyond.
But I try, [music] I try, I try, I try.
Try to love you the same, but I cry, I
cry, I cry, [music] I cry.
Now I'm asking you, why you got to do ME
LIKE THAT?
GOT TO DO ME SO [music] BAD.
MY COUSIN told me to smash.
That is music to your snap.
>> [music]
>> Give me reason or rhyme.
>> What the [__] is wrong with you?
>> Tell me I'm not walking at all.
>> Why you got to do [music] me like that?
Got to do me so bad.
Why you got [music] to do me like that?
>> [music]
>> One day you say you love me, next day
you're saying something else. I don't
get how you sleep at night. So I guess
I'll take off [music] running. Now I'm
drinking and I'm wasted and I'm puking
up all your lies.
>> Try your lies.
>> Yeah.
>> But I try, I try, I try, I try. [music]
Try to love you the same, but I cry, I
cry, I cry, [music] I cry. And now I'm
asking you, why you got to do ME LIKE
THAT?
GOT TO DO ME SO [music] BAD.
MY COUSIN told me to smash.
That is music to your snap.
>> [music]
>> Give me reason or rhyme.
>> What the [__] is wrong with you?
>> Tell me I'm not happy at all.
>> Why you got to do me like that?
Got to do me so bad.
Why you got to [music] do me like that?
>> She loves me not. She loves me so.
She loves me not. She loves me so. She
loves [music] me not. She loves me so.
>> Here we go.
GOD DAMN, YOU GOT me singing.
This stupid song about you. Can you see
[music] the hurt in my eyes.
God damn it's all winter again. Pick out
the [music] lazy boyfriend. Take this
woman out of my life.
Why you got to do [music] me like that?
Got to do me so bad.
And why you got to do ME LIKE THAT?
GOT TO DO ME [music] SO BAD.
My cousin told me you smashed.
Found his losing your stash.
>> [music]
>> Here we go again. What the [__] is wrong
with you?
Tell me you're happy at home. Why you
got to do me like that?
Got to do me so bad. [music]
Why you got to do me like that?
My cousin told me you smashed.
Found his losing your stash.
>> [music]
>> What the [__] is wrong with you?
Why you [music] got to do me like that?
Got to do me so bad.
WHY YOU GOT TO DO LET'S GO!
>> [music]
[music]
[applause and cheering]
>> THANK YOU. [screaming]
>> [applause]
>> THANKS FOR WATCHING. Support for NPR
Music comes from Rivian, makers of
all-electric adventure vehicles designed
with the planet and future generations
in mind.
>> A quick update before you go. We're
doing another Tiny Desk giveaway. Enter
[music] by September 12th, 2026 and you
and a friend could win a free trip to DC
to see a Tiny Desk concert live in
person. You even get to choose which
upcoming show you want to see and it's
completely free to enter. Just go to
npr.org/tinydeskgiveaway. Entering is
completely free, but you can get more
entries by snagging some limited edition
Tiny Desk merch or by making a special
donation to the NPR
network. Learn more and enter today at
npr.org/tinydeskgiveaway.